Update install_ubuntu_src.md (#17)
ignitionrobotics/docs: citadel/install_ubuntu_src.md

```bash
pip install -U colcon-common-extensions
```

> Test the programs installed using PIP, if the system is not recognising the commans, and you're using a sistem that is compatible with Debian or Ubuntu packages, **install using apt is a good idea because the system is automatically configured**.  

Reviewer: > Test the programs installed using PIP

A user who doesn't know how these programs work wouldn't know how to test them. How about saying something like:

```suggestion
Check that no errors were printed while installing with PIP. If your system is not recognising the commands, and you're using a system that is compatible with Debian or Ubuntu packages, see the instructions below to install using `apt`.  
```

Author: I liked it, better, thanks!
